<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:a="http://aripd.com/ui"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="/template_landing.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <div id="introduction">
            <div class="introduction-content">
                <span class="title">BiZiBee<sup>®</sup></span>
                <span class="subtitle">#{i18n['The best way to simulate your business']}</span>
                <!--<p:graphicImage name="images/landing/section1_logo.png" />-->
                <!--<i class="fa fa-crosshairs" style="color: #c0c5c9; font-size: 25em;"></i>-->
                <p:button value="#{i18n['Log In']}" outcome="/login"/>
                <a:magnificpopup src="http://vimeo.com/99025203" value="#{i18n['Trailer']}" styleClass="fa fa-play-circle" />
            </div>
        </div>

        <div id="features">
            <div class="features-content">
                <span class="feature-title">#{i18n['Environment']}</span>
                <p>Players and participants can practice their business and decision-making skills with a state of the art online team environment.</p>

                <div class="ui-g">
                    <div class="ui-g-3" style="text-align: center;">
                        <i class="fa fa-globe" style="font-size: 10em; color: #0388e5;"></i>
                    </div>
                    <div class="ui-g-9">
                        <h2>Accessible</h2>
                        <p>Our simulations are web-enabled; so our clients use them to develop Virtual Teams all over the world. The system is easily accessible by players and participants. They simply run it from our website without the need for installation of any software.</p>
                        <p>Our instructors, who manage your simulation, provide support throughout the process with facilitators and tutors readily available around the clock.</p>
                    </div>
                    <div class="ui-g-9">
                        <h2>Collaborative</h2>
                        <p>Researches show that business simulations offer an extremely effective learning experience combined with a high degree of excitement. Players and participants are encouraged to explore, test and experience given subject areas, which is very different to traditional teaching methods. We work closely with our clients to explore and develop the best solution for their needs.</p>
                        <p>Our business simulations are the equivalent of the simulators used in training by students, executives and managers.</p>
                    </div>
                    <div class="ui-g-3" style="text-align: center;">
                        <i class="fa fa-users" style="font-size: 10em; color: #0388e5;"></i>
                    </div>
                    <div class="ui-g-3" style="text-align: center;">
                        <i class="fa fa-graduation-cap" style="font-size: 10em; color: #0388e5;"></i>
                    </div>
                    <div class="ui-g-9">
                        <h2>Driving Results</h2>
                        <p>Intended Learning Outcomes address:</p>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Strategic vision and creative thinking</li>
                            <li>Leadership and team-management skills</li>
                            <li>Consolidation of corporate identity, culture and mutual trust</li>
                            <li>Inter-relationships and interdependence of the different functional areas in business</li>
                            <li>Development of individual knowledge of key functional areas i.e. marketing, finance for non-financial managers</li>
                            <li>Complexity and systems thinking</li>
                            <li>Individual and group decision making skills</li>
                            <li>Group behaviour</li>
                            <li>Interpersonal and influencing skills</li>
                            <li>Identification of relevant information and data analysis skills</li>
                            <li>Presentation skills</li>
                        </ul>
                    </div>
                </div>

                <!--                <div class="ui-g">
                                    <div class="ui-g-12 ui-md-4">
                                        <span class="fa-stack fa-3x">
                                            <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x"></i>
                                            <i class="fa fa-flag fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
                                        </span>
                                        <span class="feature-text">
                                            <span>Strategic Thinking</span>
                                            <p>Experience the challenges of strategic competition in multi-sided markets.</p>
                                        </span>
                                    </div>
                                    <div class="ui-g-12 ui-md-4">
                                        <span class="fa-stack fa-3x">
                                            <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x"></i>
                                            <i class="fa fa-flag fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
                                        </span>
                                        <span class="feature-text">
                                            <span>Decision Making</span>
                                            <p>Immediately receive feedback about the impact of decisions.</p>
                                        </span>
                                    </div>
                                    <div class="ui-g-12 ui-md-4">
                                        <span class="fa-stack fa-3x">
                                            <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x"></i>
                                            <i class="fa fa-flag fa-stack-1x fa-inverse"></i>
                                        </span>
                                        <span class="feature-text">
                                            <span>Problem Solving</span>
                                            <p>The right decisions lead to success while the wrong ones to invaluable problem solving experiences.</p>
                                        </span>
                                    </div>
                                </div>-->
            </div>
        </div>

        <div id="mobile">
            <div class="mobile-content">
                <span class="title">#{i18n['Experience']}</span>
                <span class="subtitle">Players and participants gain experience from a financial point of view and they do have a different perspective from being a part of the business rather than being an outsider. This gives an insight and ability to be in aligned with the other operational departments. Being proactive in regards to crisis management is amongst the several skills they acquire during the simulations.</span>
                <ul class="list">
                    <li>An understanding of the domains covered by management studies by getting involved in practical decision-making situations.</li>
                    <li>An exposure to some basic management techniques, in the different areas of business management (accounting, marketing, operations, strategy, etc.), and how these areas are closely integrated with one another.</li>
                    <li>An appreciation for the importance of the economic environment and its impact on company performance.</li>
                    <li>An understanding of decision-making in the context of a team.</li>
                    <li>An experience of competition between players/teams/companies.</li>
                </ul>
                <p:graphicImage name="images/landing/section3_mobile.png" />
            </div>
        </div>

        <div id="pricing">
            <div class="pricing-content">
                <span class="pricing-title">#{i18n['Learn']}</span>
                <p>On completing the simulations players and participants will be expected to be able to</p>
                <div class="ui-g">
                    <div class="ui-g-12">
                        <ul>
                            <li>Identify the factors which influence overall operational effectiveness of an organization</li>
                            <li>Critically assess the usefulness of business theoretical models in strategic management and business practice</li>
                            <li>Organize and manage teams to ensure overall effectiveness</li>
                            <li>Complete a critical review on the learning and business processes included in the business simulation</li>
                        </ul>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <p:graphicImage name="images/landing/section4_pricing.png" />

                <!--                <div class="ui-g">
                                    <div class="ui-g-12 ui-md-4">
                                        <div class="pricing-basic pricing-box">
                                            <span class="pricing-name">Basic</span>
                                            <div class="pricing-fee">B</div>
                                            <p>1 Week Usage</p>
                                            <p>10 Accounts</p>
                                            <p>10 Decisions</p>
                                            <p>10 SKUs</p>
                                        </div>
                                    </div>
                
                                    <div class="ui-g-12 ui-md-4">
                                        <div class="pricing-standard pricing-box">
                                            <span class="pricing-name">Standard</span>
                                            <div class="pricing-fee">S</div>
                                            <p>2 Weeks Usage</p>
                                            <p>20 Accounts</p>
                                            <p>20 Decisions</p>
                                            <p>20 SKUs</p>
                                        </div>
                                    </div>
                
                                    <div class="ui-g-12 ui-md-4">
                                        <div class="pricing-professional pricing-box">
                                            <span class="pricing-name">Professional</span>
                                            <div class="pricing-fee">P</div>
                                            <p>1 Month Usage</p>
                                            <p>50 Accounts</p>
                                            <p>50 Decisions</p>
                                            <p>50 SKUs</p>
                                        </div>
                                    </div>
                                </div>-->
            </div>
        </div>

        <div id="testimonials">
            <div class="testimonials-content">
                <span class="testimonials-title">#{i18n['Testimonials']}</span>
                <p>Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque.</p>
                <a:slick>
                    <div>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aliquam vel enim eros. Integer tortor nisi, lobortis in risus gravida, finibus consectetur felis. Ut iaculis lacus odio, vel malesuada odio hendrerit ac. Nunc tellus nibh, ullamcorper vel gravida ac, egestas a dui. Aliquam erat volutpat. Curabitur porta lacinia arcu, eget cursus est malesuada in. Ut facilisis hendrerit eros, a lacinia neque iaculis ut. Pellentesque ultricies nunc est. Ut aliquet in ligula id consequat.</div>
                    <div>In vel turpis nec quam laoreet malesuada. Morbi faucibus ac nibh vitae pharetra. Phasellus et mollis neque. Etiam at orci felis. Nam blandit augue est, a pellentesque nisl accumsan sed. Sed ultrices, dolor eu lobortis ultrices, metus massa dignissim erat, sed cursus orci dui sed tortor. Nulla feugiat ligula ultrices viverra suscipit. Etiam faucibus erat id nisl aliquet, tempor efficitur mi fermentum. Fusce non turpis id dui dapibus rutrum eget eu lacus. Etiam sed enim id sapien viverra commodo vitae a lorem. Suspendisse ultrices lacus id sodales mattis. Quisque id ante nec nunc volutpat sollicitudin blandit eget felis.</div>
                    <div>Cras facilisis dictum pulvinar. Suspendisse vel dignissim tortor, nec tempus lacus. Nunc vel tempus magna, sed ornare massa. Mauris aliquet nunc quis convallis pulvinar. Pellentesque ligula magna, porttitor sed sollicitudin cursus, pellentesque sit amet mauris. Integer tristique nibh et massa volutpat, ut fermentum nisi ornare. Pellentesque iaculis, neque at dapibus ullamcorper, nunc leo suscipit augue, ut fringilla odio ex sit amet nulla. Duis euismod, velit quis accumsan rhoncus, purus metus pellentesque enim, non placerat nibh erat et dolor. Suspendisse potenti. Curabitur a enim interdum, sollicitudin nisl vitae, eleifend massa. Donec efficitur nec nulla ac mollis. Aliquam neque turpis, condimentum sed libero ut, volutpat ultrices quam. Duis egestas ipsum et mi luctus aliquet.</div>
                    <div>Aliquam ac aliquet mi. Sed urna ex, hendrerit et aliquam quis, rutrum non mi. Aenean consectetur tincidunt mauris, quis cursus velit iaculis et. Curabitur mattis justo at metus dictum porta. Vestibulum sodales eget risus id dictum. Phasellus sed laoreet augue, quis sodales orci. Aliquam rutrum laoreet ipsum ac suscipit. Maecenas elementum, purus et malesuada commodo, nunc lectus tincidunt sem, nec vehicula turpis tellus id sapien. Praesent feugiat leo at enim dictum euismod in at turpis. Morbi vitae tellus eget velit luctus feugiat at non arcu. Duis at lacus porta, faucibus quam et, rutrum arcu.</div>
                    <div>Nulla ornare ipsum vitae ex pharetra lobortis. Nunc dignissim nisl at justo sollicitudin, non dapibus dolor porttitor. Praesent a luctus felis. Fusce mollis ante nec aliquet sollicitudin. In nisl mi, aliquet volutpat consectetur sit amet, imperdiet vel lorem. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Suspendisse mollis in mauris id interdum. Phasellus sollicitudin eget eros et egestas. Nullam lacus neque, aliquam eu risus quis, laoreet mollis tellus. Donec venenatis condimentum velit eget porttitor. Pellentesque viverra venenatis molestie. Pellentesque in nisi nisl. Aenean commodo sed libero ac luctus.</div>
                </a:slick>
            </div>
        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>